Hiding behind the loose dusty curtain, a teenage packed up his overcoat into the suitcase. He planned to leave home at dust although there was thunder and lightning outdoors. He had got to do this because he was tired of his parents' nagging about his English study and didn't want to go through it any longer. He couldn't go along well with his English study and dislike joining any English classes because he thought his teacher ignored him on purpose. As a result, his score in each exam never added up to 60.

His partner was concerned about him very much. She exactly understood what he was suffering from, but disagree with his idea. In order to calm him down and settle his problem, she talked with him face to face and swapped a series of learning tips with him. The items she set down helped him find the highway to studying English well.

The teenage was grateful and got great power from his friend's words. Now, he has recovered from being upset and has fallen in love with English.

Voyages of people from England play an important in spreading English. At present, English is frequently spoken as an official or common language in many countries, such as American, Singapore, Malaysia and some African countries. All based on British English, the Englishes spoken in these countries can be well understood by native English speakers. But actually, the Englishes have been gradually changing in accents, spellings, expressions and usage of vocabulary.

Because of this fact, you can make use of the differences to tell which country the foreigners of your block are from. For example, if a boss fluently commands his driver,"Come up straight to my apartment by elevator and take some gas for my trucks and cabs." instead of requesting,"Please come to my flat by lift and take some petrol for my lorries and taxis.", you can recognize his American identity, while the latter suggests that he is British.

Because of this fact, you can make use of the differences to tell which country the foreigners of your block are from. For example, if a boss fluently commands his driver, "Come up straight to my apartment by elevator and take some gas for my trucks and cabs." instead of requesting,"Please come to my flat by lift and take some petrol for my lorries and taxis." you can recognize his American identity, while the latter suggests that his is British.

A Hard Trip
My sister was fond of traveling. Ever since graduating, she had been determined to organize a trip to an old temple. Since the transporting fare was expensive, she decided to use a bicycle to cycle there no caring about the disadvantage. Her stubborn attitude was her shortcoming. Once she made up here mind to do something no one could persuade her to change her mind. Finally we gave in as usual though we preferred to take a train. After we prepared everything, include the schedule, reliable weather forecast and the insurance, we began our trip.

Our journey was along a river flowing from a high altitude. Our pace was slow because the river had frequently sharp bends through deep valleys, which the water seemed to boil. Just as I recorded in my journal, it was a hard journey. But we also enjoyed great views. One night I put my head on my pillow - a parcel of wool coat, and lay beneath the stars. When the flame in front of our cave went down at midnight, I found the sky so beautiful.